I don't buy anything anymore without first checking the reviews here on Amazon.  The reviews did not let me down.  These REALLY saved me during a recent reinjury of Plantar Fasciitis in my left foot.  While the arch support was just a little more than my foot needed, they did immediately take the pressure off and allow me to begin walking normally again.  My arch is a normal height and feet are otherwise healthy.  I really liked the extra padding in the Pinnacle.  It makes them more comfortable to wear.  The orthotic support is sandwiched between two layers of padding for that extra cushioning, unlike some of the other brands with only one layer of padding.  They also seem to be VERY well made.  This is why I gave them 5 stars.  I highly recommend them!

Note: These are designed for use in shoes with more room inside, like tennis shoes where you can loosen the laces a little if needed.  You will want to remove the existing insole before putting the Pinnacles in.  If you want a thinner pair for dress shoes or some casual shoes, Powerstep also makes an Original and a Slim Step 3/4 design that will fit shoes with less room inside.

The powerstep Pinnacle was the right combination of orthotic support and padding to get me on my feet again.  I'll retire these as soon as my foot heals and go back to regular insoles like the Spenco Polysorbs.  I just bought a pair of the Walk/Runner for my tennis shoes and a pair of the Cross Trainer for my casual shoes.  The Cross Trainer is thinner than the Walk/Runner and are easier to fit in casual shoes.  Both Spenco insoles have some arch support, but are not orthotics and do not provide as much support as the Powerstep line.

On the negative, the arch support in the Pinnacle Powerstep was just a little higher/more substantial than what I needed to properly fit my feet.  On the positive, Not only did they immediately allow me to start walking again, the shape fit my shoes better than the Spencos do.  If I ever hurt my foot again, I might try something different like the Spenco RX Orthotics instead.  They say the Spencos can be molded to fit your feet which may solve my (very minor) arch support complaint.  Since I haven't tried the Spenco Orthotics, I don't know if they would be better, the same or worse.  I also don't know if the Spenco RX Orthotics are padded as well as the Powerstep Pinnacles.  It's just when your foot hurts THAT BAD, you'll do ANYTHING to make it feel better.

One big lesson I learned from this is to always have a good pair of insoles in my shoes when doing anything physical - and to replace them at least once a year.  Shoes and insoles DO wear out.  Your feet (at least my feet do) need the extra support & cushioning of a good pair of insoles.  I hurt my foot while wearing an old pair of tennis shoes with worn out insoles that had no padding left.  I believe that if I was wearing a recent pair of the Spenco insoles in those shoes, I would not have injured my foot.

I know I'm reviewing a little more than just than just the Powerstep Pinacles here.  Given the amount of pain associated with this type of injury, I though a bit of a conversation would be more productive.  Good luck with your feet!